== Welcome to Rails

Grupo Windows 8 - 2012

Rails is a web-application framework that includes everything needed to create
database-backed web applications according to the Model-View-Control pattern.

This pattern splits the view (also called the presentation) into "dumb"
templates that are primarily responsible for inserting pre-built data in between
HTML tags. The model contains the "smart" domain objects (such as Account,
Product, Person, Post) that holds all the business logic and knows how to
persist themselves to a database. The controller handles the incoming requests
(such as Save New Account, Update Product, Show Post) by manipulating the model
and directing data to the view.

In Rails, the model is handled by what's called an object-relational mapping
layer entitled Active Record. This layer allows you to present the data from
database rows as objects and embellish these data objects with business logic
methods. You can read more about Active Record in
link:files/vendor/rails/activerecord/README.html.

The controller and view are handled by the Action Pack, which handles both
layers by its two parts: Action View and Action Controller. These two layers
are bundled in a single package due to their heavy interdependence. This is
unlike the relationship between the Active Record and Action Pack that is much
more separate. Each of these packages can be used independently outside of
Rails. You can read more about Action Pack in
link:files/vendor/rails/actionpack/README.html.


== Getting Started

1. At the command prompt, create a new Rails application:
       <tt>rails new myapp</tt> (where <tt>myapp</tt> is the application name)

2. Change directory to <tt>myapp</tt> and start the web server:
       <tt>cd myapp; rails server</tt> (run with --help for options)

3. Go to http://localhost:3000/ and you'll see:
       "Welcome aboard: You're riding Ruby on Rails!"

4. Follow the guidelines to start developing your application. You can find
the following resources handy:

* The Getting Started Guide: http://guides.rubyonrails.org/getting_started.html
* Ruby on Rails Tutorial Book: http://www.railstutorial.org/


RADIO - PONTE EN ONDA       
Descripcion : La radio "PONTE EN ONDA" por mes de aniversario quiere regalar a todos sus oyentes jóvenes USB de música del momento, por tal motivo, visitara cada zona del Lima metropolitana en una caravana. Para esto la empresa creara una aplicativo para que sus seguidores, que son en su mayoría jóvenes, puedan registrarse vía facebook, y reciban las coordenadas gráficas y la hora exacta que harán su presentación y entrega de regalos.      
        
User Story        
Como "RADIO PONTE EN ONDA" deseo informar a los usuarios de facebook y twitter la ubicacion de las Caravanas de Premios.        
Como "Suscriptor" deseo estar informado sobre la ubicacion de las Caravanas de Premios.       
Como "Administrador" deseo que mi cuenta sea autentificada atravez del facebook de la radio       
        
Mockups       
URL:  https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1LJo22Gsk2dojuunEo1Vz5NmTiImyPz-8LeiAcSB7I_I/edit      
        
Lean Canvas       
URL:  https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1YqLfOnm8htko1ay_cvMS1b7gju6NBMSQajMYeHlFseM/edit      